[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> October 2021, a massive
solar flare unleashed a blast
of charged particles
in Earth's direction.
Did this powerful
solar event also open
temporary energetic portals?
This is "Gaia News."
On October 28, a category
three geomagnetic storm
erupted from the sun's
surface, reaching Earth
a few days later.
A level three geomagnetic
storm is considered strong
and can result in
minor disturbances
to high-frequency radio
signals and low-frequency radio
navigation.
It also leads to auroras,
visible at much lower latitudes
than usual, including as
far south as Oregon and even
Illinois.
Matias De Stefano, host of
Gaia series "Initiation,"
happened to be in Oregon during
this profound solar event.
>> These storms from the
magnetic field of the sun
affect all the planets around.
And of course, when
they hit Earth,
they change the pattern of the
magnetic field of this planet.
So that opens
portals all the time.
It moves the energy
of the planet
and makes the symmetrical
patterns to restore,
to readapt to something new.
>> In 2012, NASA published a
paper titled "Hidden Portals
in Earth's Magnetic Field"
in which it explained that
a scientist had discovered what
the Space Agency refers to as X
points, or portals where
the magnetic field of Earth
connects to the sun.
According to Jack Scudder,
the lead physicist who
discovered these
portals, this phenomenon
creates an
uninterrupted connection
to the sun's atmosphere
93 million miles away.
But what effect does this
have for us here on Earth?
>> When the solar flares
occur, everything is much more
sensitive and faster.
And the best thing to do is to
have-- to be perfectly aligned
with the positive and
negative in our own body,
so we can be channels.
And that means to be
meditating and discharging
all this energy going
towards the Earth,
or the portal we
are working with.
>> Earth typically experiences
periods of heightened solar
activity in 11-year cycles.
And scientists are
predicting a ramping up
of solar activity
in the coming years,
leading to the next solar
maximum in July 2025.
Is this a cause for concern?
>> If it goes straight
to us, of course,
it could create many
problems in communications
and in the internet, the
technology of the planet,
satellites, everything
could shut down.
Of course, we could be
concerned about that.
But I wouldn't be
really worried.
I just would get prepared
for that in just--
just in case.
Like, having the food, and
having all the normal things
when something happens that
you should take care of.
But I wouldn't
really get worried
about something terrible
happening, because this
happens every 11 years.
>> What else can we learn
from these solar flares
and the portals
they open on Earth?
>> These cycles
that we are living--
that the sun is living--
is something that
injects energy to the planet.
The solar flares that
will arrive in 2025
will be much more stronger
for us than the previous one.
So a lot of new
energy that could
help us to build
new philosophies
and new civilizations, new
technology, many things that
could change if we know
how to receive them.
>> Over the next few years, we
will continue to see increased
activity from the sun,
culminating in the peak
of the current
11-year cycle in 2025.
While some have
expressed concern
with the effect this may have
on the power grid and satellite
communications, others
view it as a time
to become more connected
with the planet
by aligning our
bodies to receive
solar energetic
downloads transmitted
through literal portals that
connect our planet to the sun.
For a new perspective,
this is "Gaia "News.
For more information
on this topic,
check out this content on Gaia.
[MUSIC PLAYING]